**MANAGEMENTS DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS **

_The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations should be read together with our consolidated
financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere within this
prospectus. This discussion includes both historical information and forward-
looking information that involves risk, uncertainties and assumptions. Our
actual results may differ materially from managements expectations as a
result of various factors, including, but not limited to, those discussed in
the section titled Risk Factors. The last day of our fiscal year is January
31. Our fiscal quarters end on April 30, July 31, October 31 and January 31. _

**Overview**

Our mission is to make video communications frictionless.

We provide a video-first communications platform that delivers happiness and
fundamentally changes how people interact. We connect people through
frictionless video, voice, chat and content sharing and enable face-to-face
video experiences for thousands of people in a single meeting across disparate
devices and locations. Our cloud-native platform delivers reliable, high-
quality video that is easy to use, manage and deploy, provides an attractive
return on investment, is scalable and easily integrates with physical spaces
and applications. We believe that rich and reliable communications lead to
interactions that build greater empathy and trust. We strive to live up to the
trust our customers place in us by delivering a communications solution that
just works. Our goal is to make Zoom meetings better than in-person
meetings.

The positive impact we have on our customers and hosts is reflected in our
average customer Net Promoter Score (NPS), which was over 70 in 2018. NPS,
which can range from a low of -100 to a high of +100, measures the willingness
of customers to recommend a companys products or services to others and is
used as a proxy for gauging customers overall satisfaction with a companys
product or service and the customers loyalty to the brand. We believe our
customer-first focus is a critical part of our DNA and built directly into our
platform architecture, which dynamically processes and delivers reliable,
high-quality video across devices. Our architecture can support tens of
thousands of video participants in a single meeting. Our 13 co-located data
centers located worldwide enable us to provide both high-quality and high-
definition, real-time video to our customers even in low bandwidth
environments.

Since our inception, our consistent focus on innovation has allowed us to
achieve the following significant milestones:



  |  |   |

**2011:** Zoom founded, first employee hired, first seed funding and first
office leased

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2013:** First public release of Zoom Meetings, which supported 200 million
annual meeting minutes by year end

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2014:** Introduced Zoom Chat, Zoom Video Webinar and Zoom Rooms

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2015:** 100th employee hired, revolutionized mobile screen sharing,
introduced Zoom Video Breakout Rooms and partnered with Slack and
salesforce.com

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2016:** Added native interoperability with Microsoft Skype for business,
introduced touch and three-screen support for Zoom Rooms and reached six
billion annual meeting minutes

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2017:** Announced **** Zoom Developer Platform, hosted our first user
conference, Zoomtopia, and opened offices in Australia and the United Kingdom

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2018:** Announced Zoom Phone, Zoom App Marketplace and partnerships with
Atlassian and Dropbox

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

**2019:** Exceeded 5 billion monthly meeting minutes

---|---|---|---



55

* * *

##### Table of Contents

Our revenue was $60.8 million, $151.5 million and $330.5 million for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively, representing
annual revenue growth of 149% and 118% in fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019,
respectively. We had a net loss of $0.0 million and $3.8 million for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2017 and 2018, respectively, and net income of
$7.6 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019. Cash provided by
operations was $9.4 million, $19.4 million and $51.3 million for the fiscal
years ended January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, respectively.

**Our Business Model**

We generate revenue from the sale of subscriptions to our video-first
communications platform. Subscription revenue is driven primarily by the
number of paid hosts, as well as purchases of additional products including
Zoom Rooms and Zoom Video Webinars. A host is any user of our video-first
communications platform who initiates a Zoom Meeting and invites one or more
participants to join that meeting. We refer to hosts who subscribe to a paid
Zoom Meeting plan as paid hosts. We define a customer as a separate and
distinct buying entity, which can be a single paid host or an organization of
any size (including a distinct unit of an organization) that has multiple paid
hosts. Our Basic offering is free and gives hosts access to Zoom Meetings with
core features but with limitations on the number of attendees and time. Our
paid offerings include our Pro, Business and Enterprise plans, which provide
incremental features and functionality, such as different participant limits,
administrative controls and reporting.

The terms of our subscription agreements are monthly, annual and multi-year,
and we may bill for the full term in advance or on an annual or monthly basis,
depending on the customer preference. We recognize subscription revenue
ratably over the term of the subscription period. Our larger customers
typically opt to pay in annual installments, one year in advance. We have seen
an increase in the proportion of annual and multi-year subscriptions and
billings as we have increased the number of larger customers. For example, for
the fiscal years ended January 31, 2018 and 2019, 65% and 74%, respectively,
of our annual recurring revenue (ARR) was generated from annual and multi-year
subscriptions. We define ARR as the annualized revenue run-rate of
subscription agreements from all customers at a point in time. We calculate
ARR by taking the monthly recurring revenue (MRR) and multiplying it by 12.
MRR is defined as the recurring revenue run-rate of subscription agreements
from all customers for the last month of the period, including revenue from
monthly subscribers who have not provided any indication that they intend to
cancel their subscriptions. The attrition rate for our monthly subscribers was
less than 4% per month in the fiscal years ended January 31, 2018 and 2019.
ARR and MRR should be viewed independently of revenue as they are operating
metrics and are not intended to be replacements or forecasts of revenue.

**Our Go-to-Market Model **

We offer subscriptions to our platform to a broad range of customers, from
single users to organizations with hundreds of thousands of employees. Users
are comprised of both hosts who organize video meetings and the individual
attendees who participate in those video meetings. We complement this lead-
generation model with our multipronged go-to-market strategy that integrates
the viral enthusiasm for our platform with optimal routes-to-market, including
direct sales representatives, online channel, resellers and strategic
partners. This approach allows us to cost-effectively drive upgrades to our
paid offering and expansion within organizations of all sizes and verticals.

Our platform is designed to make it easy for new users to join or host
meetings. Meeting participants invited by a host can begin using the platform
immediately. If a participant wants to host a meeting, they can subscribe to
one of the paid plans or sign up for our free Basic plan. By attracting free
hosts through our Basic plan, we drive usage on our platform, and our free
hosts then introduce and invite new participants to experience the benefits of
Zoom. As free hosts realize the benefits of our platform, they often subscribe
to a paid plan to gain access to additional functionality. For the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2019, 55% of our 344 customers that contributed more than
$100,000 of revenue started with at least one free host prior to subscribing.
These 344 customers contributed 30% of revenue for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2019.



56

* * *

##### Table of Contents

Our customer base is diverse and spans various industries and countries. Our
top 10 customers accounted for less than 10% of revenue for each of the fiscal
years ended January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019.

We have experienced significant success in attracting large enterprise
customers using our model. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019, we had
344 customers that contributed more than $100,000 of revenue, compared to just
143 customers one year before.

**Key Factors Affecting Our Performance**

**_Acquiring New Customers_**

We are focused on continuing to grow the number of customers that use our
platform. Our operating results and growth prospects will depend in part on
our ability to attract new customers. While we believe we have a significant
market opportunity that our platform addresses, it is difficult to predict
customer adoption rates or the future growth rate and size of the market for
our platform. We will need to continue to invest in sales and marketing in
order to address this opportunity by hiring, developing and retaining talented
sales personnel who are able to achieve desired productivity levels in a
reasonable period of time.

**_Expansion of Zoom Across Existing Customers_**

We believe that there is a large opportunity for growth with many of our
existing customers. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019, greater than
50% of the Fortune 500 had at least one paid Zoom host, compared to only 4%
that contributed more than $100,000 of revenue. We believe this demonstrates
that our product has already gained a foothold in many of the largest
enterprises in the United States, and there is a large opportunity to expand
within these large enterprise customers. Many customers have increased the
size of their subscriptions as they have expanded their use of our platform
across their operations. Some of our larger enterprise customers start with a
single deployment of Zoom Meetings with one team, location or geography,
before rolling out our platform throughout their organization. Several of our
largest customers have deployed our platform globally to their entire
workforce following smaller initial deployments. This expansion in the use of
our platform also provides us with opportunities to market and sell additional
products to our customers, such as Zoom Rooms at each office location and
enablement of Zoom Video Webinars. In order for us to address this opportunity
to expand the use of our products with our existing customers, we will need to
maintain the reliability of our platform and produce new features and
functionality that are responsive to our customers requirements for
enterprise grade solutions.

We quantify our expansion across existing customers through our net dollar
expansion rate. Our net dollar expansion rate includes the increase in user
adoption within our customers, as our subscription revenue is primarily driven
by the number of paid hosts within a customer and the purchase of additional
products, and compares our subscription revenue from the same set of customers
across comparable periods. **** We calculate net dollar expansion rate as of a
period end by starting with the ARR from customers with greater than 10
employees as of the 12 months prior to such period end (Prior Period ARR). We
then calculate the ARR from these customers as of the current period end
(Current Period ARR). The calculation of Current Period ARR includes any
upsells, contraction and attrition. We then divide the total Current Period
ARR by the total Prior Period ARR to arrive at the net dollar expansion rate.
For the trailing 12-months calculation, we take an average of this calculation
over the previous 12 months. Our net dollar expansion rate may fluctuate as a
result of a number of factors, including the level of penetration within our
customer base, expansion of products and features and our ability to retain
our customers. Our trailing 12-month net dollar expansion rate was 138%, 139%
and 140% as of July 31, 2018, October 31, 2018 and January 31, 2019,
respectively. As we only began tracking this metric in August 2017, we are not
able to calculate the net dollar expansion rate for a trailing 12-month period
prior to July 31, 2018.



57

* * *

##### Table of Contents

**_Innovation and Expansion of Our Platform_**

We continue to invest resources to enhance the capabilities of our platform.
We announced Zoom Phone in October 2018 and made it generally available in
January 2019. In 2018, we also announced our App Marketplace to bring together
applications built by Zoom and third-party developers that are integrated into
our platform, making it easy for customers and developers to extend our
product portfolio with new functionalities. We believe that the more
developers and other third parties use our platform to integrate other major
third-party applications, the more we become the ubiquitous platform for
communications. We will need to expend additional resources to continue
introducing new products, features and functionality, and supporting the
efforts of third parties to enhance the value of our platform with their own
applications.

**_International Expansion_**

Our platform addresses the communications needs of users worldwide. Minimal
updates are required in order to make Zoom available for foreign markets, and
we see international expansion as a major opportunity.

We only recently started to expand our go-to-market operations
internationally. Our revenue from APAC and EMEA represented 17% of our revenue
in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2018 when we first established a physical
sales presence in Australia and the United Kingdom. In the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2019, our revenue from APAC and EMEA represented 18% of our
revenue, and we added five additional local sales locations in Canada, France,
Japan, the Netherlands and Singapore. We plan to add local sales support in
further select international markets over time. We use strategic partners and
resellers to sell in international markets, such as China, where we have
limited or no sales presence. While we believe global demand for our platform
will continue to increase as international market awareness of Zoom grows, our
ability to conduct our operations internationally will require considerable
management attention and resources and is subject to the particular challenges
of supporting a rapidly growing business in an environment of multiple
languages, cultures, customs, legal and regulatory systems, alternative
dispute systems and commercial markets.

**Key Business Metrics**

We review the following key business metrics to measure our performance,
identify trends, formulate financial projections, and make strategic
decisions.

**_Customers with Greater Than 10 Employees_**

Increasing awareness of our platform and its broad range of capabilities has
enabled us to substantially expand our customer base, which includes
organizations of all sizes across industries. We define a customer as a
separate and distinct buying entity, which can be a single paid host or an
organization of any size (including a distinct unit of an organization) that
has multiple paid hosts. To better distinguish business customers from our
broader customer base, we review the number of customers with more than 10
employees. Revenue from these customers represented 69%, 75% and 78% of
revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019,
respectively. As of January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we had approximately
10,900, 25,800 and 50,800 customers with more than 10 employees. When
disclosing the number of customers, we round down to the nearest hundred.

**_Customers Contributing More Than $100,000 of Annual Revenue_**

We focus on growing the number of customers that contribute more than $100,000
of annual revenue as a measure of our ability to scale with our customers and
attract larger organizations to Zoom. Revenue from these customers represented
22%, 25% and 30% of revenue for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2017, 2018
and 2019, respectively. As of January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019, we had 54, 143
and 344 customers that contributed



58

* * *

##### Table of Contents

more than $100,000 of revenue in each of their respective fiscal years,
demonstrating our rapid penetration of larger organizations including
enterprises. These customers are a subset of the customers with greater than
10 employees.

**Components of Results of Operations**

**_Revenue_**

We derive our revenue from subscription agreements with customers for access
to our video-first communications platform. Our customers do not have the
ability to take possession of our software. We also provide services, which
include professional services, consulting services and online event hosting,
which are generally considered distinct from the access to our video-first
communications platform.

**_Cost of Revenue_**

Cost of revenue primarily consists of costs related to hosting our video-first
communications platform and providing general operating support services to
our customers. These costs are related to our co-located data centers, third-
party cloud hosting, integrated third-party public switched telephone network
(PSTN) services, personnel-related expenses, amortization of capitalized
software development and allocated overhead. We expect our cost of revenue to
increase in absolute dollars as our revenue increases.

**_Operating Expenses_**

_Research and Development_

Research and development expenses primarily consist of personnel-related
expenses directly associated with our research and development organization,
depreciation of equipment used in research and development and allocated
overhead. Research and development costs are expensed as incurred. We plan to
increase our investment in research and development for the foreseeable future
as we focus on further developing our platform and enhancing its use cases.

_Sales and Marketing_

Sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of personnel-related expenses
directly associated with our sales and marketing organization. Other sales and
marketing expenses include promotional events to promote our brand, such as
awareness programs, digital programs, tradeshows and our user conference,
Zoomtopia, and allocated overhead. Sales and marketing expenses also include
amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs. We plan to increase our
investment in sales and marketing over the foreseeable future, primarily from
increased headcount in our sales force and investment in brand- and product-
marketing efforts.

_General and Administrative_

General and administrative expenses primarily consist of personnel-related
expenses associated with our finance, legal and human resources organizations,
professional fees for external legal, accounting and other consulting
services, bad debt expense and allocated overhead. We expect to increase the
size of our general and administrative function to support the growth of our
business. Following the completion of this offering, we expect to incur
additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company. We expect
the dollar amount of our general and administrative expenses to increase for
the foreseeable future.

**_Interest Income, Net_**

Interest income, net consists primarily of interest income earned on our cash
equivalents and marketable securities and is partially offset by interest
expenses on convertible promissory notes.



59

* * *

##### Table of Contents

**_Other Income, Net_**

Other income, net consists primarily of miscellaneous non-operational income
and expenses and remeasurement of derivative liabilities related to
convertible promissory notes.

**_Provision for Income Taxes_**

Provision for income taxes consists primarily of income taxes related to
foreign and state jurisdictions in which we conduct business.

**Results of Operations**

The following tables set forth selected consolidated statements of operations
data and such data as a percentage of total revenue for each of the periods
indicated:



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |   | **2018** |   |   | **2019** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |

Revenue

|    | $ | 60,817 |   |   | $ | 151,478 |   |   | $ | 330,517 |

Cost of revenue(1)

|    |   | 12,472 |   |   |   | 30,780 |   |   |   | 61,001 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Gross profit

|    |   | 48,345 |   |   |   | 120,698 |   |   |   | 269,516 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Operating expenses:

|    |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |

Research and development(1)

|    |   | 9,218 |   |   |   | 15,733 |   |   |   | 33,014 |

Sales and marketing(1)

|    |   | 31,580 |   |   |   | 82,707 |   |   |   | 185,821 |

General and administrative(1)

|    |   | 7,547 |   |   |   | 27,091 |   |   |   | 44,514 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Total operating expenses

|    |   | 48,345 |   |   |   | 125,531 |   |   |   | 263,349 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Income (loss) from operations

|    |   |  |   |   |   | (4,833 | )  |   |   | 6,167 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Interest income, net

|    |   | 98 |   |   |   | 1,241 |   |   |   | 1,837 |

Other income, net

|    |   | 60 |   |   |   | 74 |   |   |   | 345 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes

|    |   | 158 |   |   |   | (3,518 | )  |   |   | 8,349 |

Provision for income taxes

|    |   | (172 | )  |   |   | (304 | )  |   |   | (765 | )
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss)

|    | $ | (14 | )  |   | $ | (3,822 | )  |   | $ | 7,584 |
|    |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|



(1) |

Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:

---|---



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |

Cost of revenue

|    | $ | 87 |   |    | $ | 204 |   |    | $ | 1,119 |

Research and development

|    |   | 278 |   |    |   | 360 |   |    |   | 1,369 |

Sales and marketing

|    |   | 467 |   |    |   | 812 |   |    |   | 3,540 |

General and administrative

|    |   | 207 |   |    |   | 8,953 |   |    |   | 2,913 |
|    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|

Total stock-based compensation expense

|    | $ | 1,039 |   |    | $ | 10,329 |   |    | $ | 8,941 |
|    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|



60

* * *

##### Table of Contents

|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year  Ended January 31,**
  |    | **2017** |   | **2018** |   | **2019**
  |    | **(as  a percentage of revenue)**

Revenue

|    |   |   | 100 | % |   |   |   | 100 | % |   |   |   | 100 | %

Cost of revenue

|    |   |   |               21 |  |   |   |   |               20 |  |   |   |
|               18 |
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

Gross profit

|    |   |   | 79 |  |   |   |   | 80 |  |   |   |   | 82 |
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

Operating expenses:

|    |   |  |  |  |   |   |  |  |  |   |   |  |  |

Research and development

|    |   |   | 15 |  |   |   |   | 10 |  |   |   |   | 10 |

Sales and marketing

|    |   |   | 52 |  |   |   |   | 55 |  |   |   |   | 56 |

General and administrative

|    |   |   | 12 |  |   |   |   | 18 |  |   |   |   | 14 |
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

Total operating expenses

|    |   |   | 79 |  |   |   |   | 83 |  |   |   |   | 80 |
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

Income (loss) from operations

|    |   |   |  |  |   |   |   | (3 | ) |   |   |   | 2 |

Interest income, net

|    |   |   |  |  |   |   |   | 1 |  |   |   |   | 1 |

Other income, net

|    |   |   |  |  |   |   |   |  |  |   |   |   |  |
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes

|    |   |   |  |  |   |   |   | (2 | ) |   |   |   | 3 |

Provision for income taxes

|    |   |   |  |  |   |   |   | (1 | ) |   |   |   | (1 | )
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss)

|    |   |   |  |  |   |   |   | (3 | ) |   |   |   | 2 |
|    |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|   |   |   |



|



|

**_Comparison of the Fiscal Years Ended January  31, 2017, 2018 and 2019 _**

_Revenue_



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018**
 **vs
2017%**
 **Change** |   |   | **2019**
 **vs
2018%**
 **Change** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

Revenue

|    | $ | 60,817 |   |    | $ | 151,478 |   |    | $ | 330,517 |   |    |   |
149 | %  |   |   | 118 | %

_2018 compared_ to 2017. Revenue in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2018
increased by $90.7 million, or 149%, compared to the fiscal year ended January
31, 2017. The increase was substantially due to existing customers, which
accounted for approximately 55% of the increase, and to new customers, which
accounted for approximately 45% of the increase.

_2019 compared_ to 2018. Revenue in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2019
increased by $179.0 million, or 118%, compared to the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2018. The increase was substantially due to existing customers,
which accounted for approximately 56% of the increase, and to new customers,
which accounted for approximately 44% of the increase.

_Cost of Revenue_



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |   | **2018** |   |   | **2019** |   |   | **2018**
 **vs
2017%**
 **Change** |   |   | **2019**
 **vs
2018%**
 **Change** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |   |   |   |   |   |   |

Cost of revenue

|    | $ | 12,472 |   |   | $ | 30,780 |   |   | $ | 61,001 |   |   |   | 147
| %  |   |   | 98 | %

Gross profit

|    |   | 48,345 |   |   |   | 120,698 |   |   |   | 269,516 |   |   |   |
150 |   |   |   | 123 |

Gross margin

|    |   | 79 | %  |   |   | 80 | %  |   |   | 82 | %  |   |  |  |  |   |  |
|



61

* * *

##### Table of Contents

_2018 compared_ to 2017. Cost of revenue in the fiscal year ended January 31,
2018 increased by $18.3 million, or 147%, compared to the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2017. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable
to an increase of $10.9 million in costs related to our co-located data
centers, third-party cloud hosting and integrated third-party PSTN services to
support the increase in customers and expanded use of our video-first
communications platform by existing customers, and an increase of $5.9 million
in personnel-related expenses as a result of increased headcount.

_2019 compared_ to 2018. Cost of revenue in the fiscal year ended January 31,
2019 increased by $30.2 million, or 98%, compared to the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2018. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable
to an increase of $16.2 million in costs related to our co-located data
centers, third-party cloud hosting and integrated third-party PSTN services to
support the increase in customers and expanded use of our video-first
communications platform by existing customers, and an increase of $9.9 million
in personnel-related expenses as a result of increased headcount.

_Operating Expenses_



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018
vs 2017**
 **% Change** |   |   | **2019  vs 2018**
 **% Change** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

Research and development

|    | $ | 9,218 |   |    | $ | 15,733 |   |    | $ | 33,014 |   |    |   | 71
| %  |   |   | 110 | %

_2018 compared to 2017._ Research and development expense in the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2018 increased by $6.5 million, or 71%, compared to the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2017, as we continued to add new features and
functionality to our video-first communications platform. The increase was
primarily attributable to an increase in personnel-related expenses of $5.3
million as a result of increased headcount. The remainder of the increase was
primarily attributable to increased expenses of $0.4 million related to
equipment and software and $0.3 million in allocated overhead. __

_2019 compared to 2018._ Research and development expense in the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2019 increased by $17.3 million, or 110%, compared to the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2018, as we continued to add new features and
functionality to our video-first communications platform. The increase was
primarily attributable to an increase in personnel-related expenses of $13.2
million as a result of increased headcount. The remainder of the increase was
primarily attributable to increased expenses of $1.0 million related to
allocated overhead, $1.0 million related to stock-based compensation and $0.9
million in equipment and software.



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018
vs 2017**
 **% Change** |   |   | **2019  vs 2018**
 **% Change** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

Sales and marketing

|    | $ | 31,580 |   |    | $ | 82,707 |   |    | $ | 185,821 |   |    |   |
162 | %  |   |   | 125 | %

_2018 compared to 2017._ Sales and marketing expense in the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2018 increased by $51.1 million, or 162%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2017. The increase in sales and marketing expense was
primarily attributable to an increase in marketing and sales event-related
costs of $22.3 million as a result of increased costs related to digital,
awareness and tradeshow programs, including our user conference, Zoomtopia,
and an increase in personnel-related expenses of $20.9 million as a result of
increased headcount to support the growth in our sales force, which includes a
$6.5 million increase in sales commissions driven by our increase in revenue.
The remainder of the increase was primarily attributable to increased expenses
of $2.0 million in allocated overhead, $1.7 million in processing costs
associated with sales, $1.0 million in rent and $0.9 million related to
equipment and software. __



62

* * *

##### Table of Contents

_2019 compared to 2018_. Sales and marketing expense in the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2019 increased by $103.1 million, or 125%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2018. The increase in sales and marketing expense was
primarily attributable to an increase in personnel-related expenses of $50.1
million as a result of increased headcount to support the growth in our sales
force, which included a $13.3 million increase in sales commissions driven by
our increase in revenue. The increase was also driven by an increase in
marketing and sales event-related costs of $33.1 million as a result of
increased costs related to digital, awareness and tradeshow programs,
including Zoomtopia. The remainder of the increase was primarily attributable
to increased expenses of $3.0 million in processing costs associated with
sales, $2.8 million in travel expenses, $2.8 million in allocated overhead,
$2.7 million related to stock-based compensation, $2.1 million in rent
expense, and $1.7 million related to equipment and software.



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018
vs 2017**
 **% Change** |   |   | **2019  vs 2018**
 **% Change** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

General and administrative

|    | $ | 7,547 |   |    | $ | 27,091 |   |    | $ | 44,514 |   |    |   |
259 | %  |   |   | 64 | %

_2018 compared to 2017_. General and administrative expense in the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2018 increased by $19.5 million, or 259%, compared to the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2017. The increase in general and administrative
expense was primarily due to an increase in stock-based compensation expense
of $8.7 million. The increase in stock-based compensation was primarily due to
the sale of common stock by our Chief Executive Officer to an existing
stockholder, which resulted in the recognition of stock-based compensation
expense of $8.6 million for the difference between the purchase price and the
fair value of our common stock at the time of sale. Refer to Note 7 to our
consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for
more information regarding this transaction. The remainder of the increase was
primarily attributable to increased expenses of $4.0 million related to a
contingent liability for sales and other taxes, $3.3 million in personnel-
related expenses as a result of increased headcount, $1.2 million for external
accounting and consulting services, $0.8 million related to equipment and
software and $0.6 million in allocated overhead. __

_2019 compared to 2018_. General and administrative expense in the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2019 increased by $17.4 million, or 64%, compared to the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2018. The increase in general and administrative
expense was primarily due to an increase of $7.8 million in personnel-related
expenses as a result of increased headcount, increased expenses of $7.0
million related to a contingent liability for sales and other taxes, $3.3
million for external accounting and consulting services, $1.3 million in legal
expenses, $1.2 million in bad debt expense, and $1.1 million related to
equipment and software, partially offset by a decrease of $6.0 million in
stock-based compensation expense due to the sale of common stock by our Chief
Executive Officer to an existing stockholder in fiscal 2018, which resulted in
the recognition of stock-based compensation expense of $8.6 million in fiscal
2018. Refer to Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this prospectus for more information regarding this transaction.

_Interest Income, Net_



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018
vs 2017**
 **% Change** |   |   | **2019  vs 2018**
 **% Change** |
  |    | **(in  thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

Interest income, net

|    | $ | 98 |   |    | $ | 1,241 |   |    | $ | 1,837 |   |    |   | 1,166 |
%  |   |   | 48 | %

_2018 compared to 2017_. Interest income, net for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2018 increased by $1.1 million, or 1,166%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2017. The increase was primarily driven by interest
income earned from our investments in marketable securities.



63

* * *

##### Table of Contents

_2019 compared to 2018_. Interest income, net for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2019 increased by $0.6 million, or 48%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2018. The increase was primarily driven by $0.8 million
of interest income earned from our investments in marketable securities,
partially offset by $0.2 million in interest expenses on convertible
promissory notes.

_Other Income, Net_



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018
vs
2017%**
 **Change** |   |   | **2019 vs
2018%
Change** |
  |    | **(in  thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

Other income, net

|    | $ | 60 |   |    | $ | 74 |   |    | $ | 345 |   |    |   | 23 | %  |
|   | 366 | %

There were no significant changes to other income, net during the respective
periods.

_Provision for Income Taxes_



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |   |   |



|
  |    | **2017** |   |    | **2018** |   |    | **2019** |   |    | **2018 vs
2017%
Change** |   |   | **2019 vs
2018%**
 **Change** |
  |    | **(in  thousands)** |   |    |   |   |   |   |

Provision for income taxes

|    | $ | 172 |   |    | $ | 304 |   |    | $ | 765 |   |    |   | 77 | %  |
|   | 152 | %

_2018 compared to 2017._ Provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2018 increased by $0.1 million, or 77%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2017. The change in provision for income taxes was due
primarily to international operations.

_2019 compared to 2018._ Provision for income taxes for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2019 increased by $0.5 million, or 152%, compared to the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2018. The change in provision for income taxes was due
primarily to international operations.



64

* * *

##### Table of Contents

**Quarterly Results of Operations**

The following tables set forth our unaudited quarterly consolidated statements
of operations data for each of the quarters indicated, as well as the
percentage that each line item represents of our revenue for each quarter
presented. The information for each quarter has been prepared on a basis
consistent with our audited consolidated financial statements included in this
prospectus, and reflect, in the opinion of management, all adjustments of a
normal, recurring nature that are necessary for a fair statement of the
financial information contained in those financial statements. Our historical
results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in
the future. The following quarterly financial data should be read in
conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in
this prospectus.



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |   | **Three Months Ended** |
  |   | **April  30,
2017** |   |   | **July  31,
2017** |   |   | **October  31,
2017** |   |   | **January  31,
2018** |   |   | **April  30,
2018** |   |   | **July  31,
2018** |   |   | **October  31,
2018** |   |   | **January  31,
2019** |
  |   | **(in thousands)** |

Revenue

|   | $ | 26,753 |   |   | $ | 32,921 |   |   | $ | 40,890 |   |   | $ |
50,914 |   |   | $ | 60,070 |   |   | $ | 74,526 |   |   | $ | 90,121 |   |
| $ | 105,800 |

Cost of revenue(1)

|   |   | 5,499 |   |   |   | 6,777 |   |   |   | 7,755 |   |   |   | 10,749 |
|   |   | 11,660 |   |   |   | 12,973 |   |   |   | 16,843 |   |   |   |
19,525 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Gross profit

|   |   | 21,254 |   |   |   | 26,144 |   |   |   | 33,135 |   |   |   |
40,165 |   |   |   | 48,410 |   |   |   | 61,553 |   |   |   | 73,278 |   |
|   | 86,275 |

Operating expenses:

|   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |
|   |  |  |  |   |  |  |

Research and development(1)

|   |   | 3,545 |   |   |   | 3,542 |   |   |   | 4,199 |   |   |   | 4,447 |
|   |   | 6,264 |   |   |   | 7,049 |   |   |   | 8,893 |   |   |   | 10,808 |

Sales and marketing(1)

|   |   | 12,693 |   |   |   | 16,636 |   |   |   | 23,803 |   |   |   |
29,575 |   |   |   | 36,261 |   |   |   | 41,054 |   |   |   | 53,454 |   |
|   | 55,052 |

General and administrative(1)

|   |   | 2,750 |   |   |   | 12,508 |   |   |   | 5,414 |   |   |   | 6,419 |
|   |   | 7,569 |   |   |   | 10,028 |   |   |   | 11,994 |   |   |   | 14,923
|
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Total operating expenses

|   |   | 18,988 |   |   |   | 32,686 |   |   |   | 33,416 |   |   |   |
40,441 |   |   |   | 50,094 |   |   |   | 58,131 |   |   |   | 74,341 |   |
|   | 80,783 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Income (loss) from operations

|   |   | 2,266 |   |   |   | (6,542 | )  |   |   | (281 | )  |   |   | (276 |
)  |   |   | (1,684 | )  |   |   | 3,422 |   |   |   | (1,063 | )  |   |   |
5,492 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Interest income, net

|   |   | 137 |   |   |   | 311 |   |   |   | 403 |   |   |   | 390 |   |   |
| 436 |   |   |   | 463 |   |   |   | 477 |   |   |   | 461 |

Other income (expense), net

|   |   | 2 |   |   |   | 29 |   |   |   | (21 | )  |   |   | 64 |   |   |   |
5 |   |   |   | 81 |   |   |   | 128 |   |   |   | 131 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes

|   |   | 2,405 |   |   |   | (6,202 | )  |   |   | 101 |   |   |   | 178 |
|   |   | (1,243 | )  |   |   | 3,966 |   |   |   | (458 | )  |   |   | 6,084
|

Provision for income taxes

|   |   | (53 | )  |   |   | (57 | )  |   |   | (80 | )  |   |   | (114 | )  |
|   | (97 | )  |   |   | (141 | )  |   |   | (140 | )  |   |   | (387 | )
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss)

|   | $ | 2,352 |   |   | $ | (6,259 | )  |   | $ | 21 |   |   | $ | 64 |   |
| $ | (1,340 | )  |   | $ | 3,825 |   |   | $ | (598 | )  |   | $ | 5,697 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|



(1) |

Includes stock-based compensation expense as follows:

---|---



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |   | **Three Months Ended** |
  |   | **April  30,
2017** |   |   | **July  31,
2017** |   |   | **October  31,
2017** |   |   | **January  31,
2018** |   |   | **April  30,
2018** |   |   | **July  31,
2018** |   |   | **October  31,
2018** |   |   | **January  31,
2019** |
  |   | **(in thousands)** |

Cost of revenue

|   | $ | 51 |   |   | $ | 45 |   |   | $ | 48 |   |   | $ | 60 |   |   | $ |
95 |   |   | $ | 130 |   |   | $ | 317 |   |   | $ | 577 |

Research and development

|   |   | 73 |   |   |   | 75 |   |   |   | 102 |   |   |   | 110 |   |   |
| 129 |   |   |   | 193 |   |   |   | 383 |   |   |   | 664 |

Sales and marketing

|   |   | 135 |   |   |   | 141 |   |   |   | 250 |   |   |   | 286 |   |   |
| 396 |   |   |   | 492 |   |   |   | 1,154 |   |   |   | 1,498 |

General and administrative

|   |   | 47 |   |   |   | 8,684 |   |   |   | 75 |   |   |   | 147 |   |   |
| 229 |   |   |   | 311 |   |   |   | 798 |   |   |   | 1,575 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Total stock-based compensation expense

|   | $ |     306 |   |   | $ |   8,945 |   |   | $ |       475 |   |   | $ |
603 |   |   | $ | 849 |   |   | $ | 1,126 |   |   | $ | 2,652 |   |   | $ |
4,314 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|



65

* * *

##### Table of Contents

|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
|  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |   | **Three Months Ended** |
  |   | **April  30,
2017** |   |   | **July  31,
2017** |   |   | **October  31,
2017** |   |   | **January  31,
2018** |   |   | **April  30,
2018** |   |   | **July  31,
2018** |   |   | **October  31,
2018** |   |   | **January  31,
2019** |

Revenue

|   |   | 100 | %  |   |   | 100 | %  |   |   | 100 | %  |   |   | 100 | %  |
|   | 100 | %  |   |   | 100 | %  |   |   | 100 | %  |   |   | 100 | %

Cost of revenue

|   |   |           21 |   |   |   |         21 |   |   |   |               19
|   |   |   |               21 |   |   |   |               19 |   |   |   |
17 |   |   |   |               19 |   |   |   |               18 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Gross profit

|   |   | 79 |   |   |   | 79 |   |   |   | 81 |   |   |   | 79 |   |   |   |
81 |   |   |   | 83 |   |   |   | 81 |   |   |   | 82 |

Operating expenses:

|   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |  |   |  |  |
|   |  |  |  |   |  |  |

Research and development

|   |   | 13 |   |   |   | 11 |   |   |   | 11 |   |   |   | 9 |   |   |   |
11 |   |   |   | 9 |   |   |   | 10 |   |   |   | 11 |

Sales and marketing

|   |   | 48 |   |   |   | 50 |   |   |   | 58 |   |   |   | 58 |   |   |   |
60 |   |   |   | 55 |   |   |   | 59 |   |   |   | 52 |

General and administrative

|   |   | 10 |   |   |   | 38 |   |   |   | 13 |   |   |   | 13 |   |   |   |
13 |   |   |   | 14 |   |   |   | 13 |   |   |   | 14 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Total operating expenses

|   |   | 71 |   |   |   | 99 |   |   |   | 82 |   |   |   | 80 |   |   |   |
84 |   |   |   | 78 |   |   |   | 82 |   |   |   | 77 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Income (loss) from operations

|   |   | 8 |   |   |   | (20 | )  |   |   | (1 | )  |   |   | (1 | )  |   |
| (3 | )  |   |   | 5 |   |   |   | (1 | )  |   |   | 5 |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Interest income, net

|   |   | 1 |   |   |   | 1 |   |   |   | 1 |   |   |   | 1 |   |   |   |  |
|   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   | 1 |

Other income, net

|   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   | 1 |
|   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes

|   |   | 9 |   |   |   | (19 | )  |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |
(2 | )  |   |   | 5 |   |   |   | (1 | )  |   |   | 6 |

Provision for income taxes

|   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   |  |
|   |   |  |   |   |   |  |   |   |   | (1 | )
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

Net income (loss)

|   |   | 9 | %    |   |   | (19 | )%  |   |   |  | %  |   |   |  | %  |   |
| (2 | )%  |   |   | 5 | %  |   |   | (1 | )%  |   |   | 5 | %
|   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|   |   |



|



|

**_Quarterly Revenue Trends_**

Revenue increased sequentially in each of the quarters presented primarily due
to sales of subscriptions to new customers and the expanded use of our video-
first communications platform by existing customers. A substantial portion of
the revenue that we report in each period is attributable to the recognition
of deferred revenue related to orders that we received during previous
periods. Consequently, increases or decreases in new sales or renewals in any
one period may not be immediately reflected in our revenue for that period and
may impact our revenue in future periods. Accordingly, the effect of downturns
in sales and market acceptance of our video-first communications platform with
new customers, and potential changes in our rate of renewals with existing
customers, may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until
future periods.

**_Quarterly Cost of Revenue Trends_**

Cost of revenue increased sequentially in each of the quarters presented,
primarily driven by expanded use of our video-first communications platform by
new and existing customers, which resulted in increased costs related to our
co-located data centers, third-party cloud hosting, integrated third-party
PSTN services and personnel-related expenses.

**_Quarterly Gross Profit Trends_**

Gross profit increased sequentially in each of the quarters presented,
primarily driven by an increase in revenue. Our gross profit margins were
consistent for all periods presented.

**_Quarterly Operating Expenses Trends_**

Our total quarterly operating expenses increased sequentially for all periods
presented due primarily to increases in headcount and other related expenses
to support our growth. We intend to continue to make



66

* * *

##### Table of Contents

significant investments in our sales and marketing organization to drive
revenue growth. We have also experienced a seasonal increase in sales and
marketing expenses in our third fiscal quarter due to costs associated with
our user conference Zoomtopia. We also intend to continue investing in our
research and development efforts to add new features to and enhance the
functionality of our existing video-first communications platform, and to
ensure the reliability, availability and scalability of our solutions. As a
result, we anticipate that in future fiscal quarters, the majority of our
research and development expenses will result from personnel-related expenses
and from technology tools used by our engineers in research and development
activities. During our second fiscal quarter in fiscal 2018, we experienced a
significant increase in general and administrative expense due to the sale of
shares of our common stock by our CEO to an existing investor. As a result, we
recognized stock-based compensation expense for the difference between the
purchase price and the fair value of the Companys common stock at the time of
sale. Refer to Note 7 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this prospectus for more information regarding this transaction.
General and administrative expenses also include increased costs in recent
fiscal quarters due to preparing to be a public company, a trend that we
expect to continue for the foreseeable future.

**Liquidity and Capital Resources**

As of January 31, 2019, our principal sources of liquidity were cash, cash
equivalents and marketable securities of $176.4 million, which were held for
working capital purposes. Our marketable securities generally consist of high-
grade commercial paper, corporate bonds, agency bonds and U.S. government
agency securities.

Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through sales
of equity securities and cash generated from operations. We also issued
convertible promissory notes in an aggregate principal amount of $15.0 million
to two strategic partners. Refer to Note 5 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this prospectus for more information
regarding these transactions. Our principal uses of cash in recent periods
have been funding our operations, investing in capital expenditures and
repurchasing capital stock.

During the fiscal years ended January 31, 2017 and 2018, we repurchased
4,000,000 and 1,365,800 shares of our Series A convertible preferred stock
from certain stockholders for an aggregate amount of $15.0 million and $4.6
million, respectively, and subsequently retired such shares. Refer to Note 7
to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this prospectus
for more information regarding these transactions.

We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities,
together with cash provided by operations, will be sufficient to meet our
needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will
depend on many factors including our revenue growth rate, subscription renewal
activity, billing frequency, the timing and extent of spending to support
further sales and marketing and research and development efforts, as well as
expenses associated with our international expansion, the timing and extent of
additional capital expenditures to invest in existing and new office spaces.
We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in
complementary businesses, services and technologies, including intellectual
property rights. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt
financing. In the event that additional financing is required from outside
sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all.
If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business,
results of operations and financial condition would be materially and
adversely affected.

The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented:



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,** |
  |    | **2017** |   |   | **2018** |   |   | **2019** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |

Net cash provided by operating activities

|    | $ | 9,361 |   |   | $ | 19,426 |   |   | $ | 51,332 |

Net cash used in investing activities

|    |   | (2,824 | )   |   |   | (113,357 | )  |   |
| (39,719
| )


Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

|    |   | 100,267 |   |   |   | (3,997 | )  |   |   | 17,534 |



67

* * *

##### Table of Contents

**_Operating Activities_**

Net cash provided by operating activities of $9.4 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2017 was primarily due to non-cash charges for depreciation
and amortization of $1.2 million, amortization of deferred contract
acquisition costs, primarily commissions, of $3.1 million, stock-based
compensation of $1.0 million and provision for accounts receivable allowances
of $0.3 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities were favorable to
cash flows from operations by $3.7 million primarily due to an increase in
deferred revenue of $15.0 million from increases in sales and an increase in
accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities of $6.6 million,
partially offset by an addition to deferred contract acquisition costs of
$11.2 million, an increase to accounts receivable of $5.9 million due to
increases in sales and an increase in prepaid expenses and other assets of
$0.9 million.

Net cash provided by operating activities of $19.4 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2018 was primarily due to net loss of $3.8 million, offset
by non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization of $2.8 million,
amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs, primarily commissions, of
$9.0 million, stock-based compensation of $10.3 million and provision for
accounts receivable allowances of $0.7 million. Changes in operating assets
and liabilities were favorable to cash flows from operations by $0.3 million
primarily due to an increase in deferred revenue of $31.5 million from
increases in sales, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
and other liabilities of $16.3 million, partially offset by an addition to
deferred contract acquisition costs of $27.5 million, an increase to accounts
receivable of $16.6 million due to increases in sales and an increase in
prepaid expenses and other assets of $3.4 million.

Net cash provided by operating activities of $51.3 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2019 was primarily due to net income of $7.6 million, non-
cash charges for depreciation and amortization of $7.0 million, amortization
of deferred contract acquisition costs, primarily commissions, of $20.8
million, stock-based compensation of $8.9 million and provision for accounts
receivable allowances of $2.0 million. Changes in operating assets and
liabilities were favorable to cash flows from operations by $5.0 million
primarily due to an increase in deferred revenue of $71.5 million due to
increases in sales, and an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses
and other liabilities of $28.2 million, partially offset by an addition to
deferred contract acquisition costs of $45.8 million, an increase to accounts
receivable of $41.0 million due to increases in sales and an increase in
prepaid expenses and other assets of $8.0 million.

**_Investing Activities_**

Net cash used in investing activities of $2.8 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2017 was related to capital expenditures of $4.8 million,
partially offset by principal payment received on a note receivable of $2.0
million. Refer to Note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this prospectus for more information regarding the note
receivable.

Net cash used in investing activities of $113.4 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2018 was related to net purchases of marketable securities
of $103.6 million and capital expenditures of $9.7 million.

Net cash used in investing activities of $39.7 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2019 was related to capital expenditures of $28.4 million,
net purchases of marketable securities of $9.3 million and purchases of
intangible assets of $2.0 million.

**_Financing Activities_**

Net cash provided by financing activities of $100.3 million for the fiscal
year ended January 31, 2017 was primarily related to net proceeds from our
Series D convertible preferred stock financing of $114.8 million, partially
offset by the repurchase of Series A convertible preferred stock of $15.0
million.



68

* * *

##### Table of Contents

Net cash used in financing activities of $4.0 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2018 was primarily related to the repurchase of Series A
convertible preferred stock of $4.6 million, partially offset by proceeds from
the exercise of stock options of $0.7 million.

Net cash provided by financing activities of $17.5 million for the fiscal year
ended January 31, 2019 was primarily related to the issuance of convertible
promissory notes of $15.0 million and the exercise of stock options of $3.6
million, partially offset by payments of deferred offering costs of $0.9
million.

**Remaining Performance Obligation**

The terms of our subscription agreements are monthly, annual and multi-year,
and we may bill for the full term in advance or on an annual or monthly basis,
depending on the customer preference. As of January 31, 2019, the aggregate
amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations
was $311.7 million, which consists of both billed consideration in the amount
of $125.8 million and unbilled consideration in the amount of $185.9 million
that we expect to recognize as revenue. We expect to recognize 67% of our
remaining performance obligations as revenue in fiscal 2020 and the remainder
thereafter.

**Commitments and Contractual Obligations**

The following table summarizes our non-cancelable contractual obligations as
of January 31, 2019:



|  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    |   |   |    | **Payments Due by Period** |
  |    | **Total** |   |    | **Less  Than
1 Year** |   |    | **1  3**
 **Years** |   |    | **3  5**
 **Years** |   |    | **More  Than
5 Years** |
  |    | **(in thousands)** |

Operating lease obligations

|    | $ | 56,657 |   |    | $ | 7,609 |   |    | $ | 15,725 |   |    | $ |
14,688 |   |    | $ | 18,635 |

Non-cancellable purchase obligations

|    |   | 25,115 |   |    |   | 15,958 |   |    |   | 9,137 |   |    |   | 20
|   |    |   |    |
|    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|

Total contractual obligations

|    | $ | 81,772 |   |    | $ | 23,567 |   |    | $ | 24,862 |   |    | $ |
14,708 |   |    | $ | 18,635 |
|    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|   |    |



|



|

The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with
agreements that are enforceable and legally binding. Obligations under
contracts that we can cancel without a significant penalty are not included in
the table above. ****

**Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements **

Through January 31, 2019, we did not have any relationships with
unconsolidated organizations or financial partnerships, such as structured
finance or special purpose entities that would have been established for the
purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually
narrow or limited purposes.

**Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk**

**_Foreign Currency and Exchange Risk_**

The vast majority of our cash generated from revenue are denominated in U.S.
dollars, with a small amount denominated in foreign currencies. Our expenses
are generally denominated in the currencies of the jurisdictions in which we
conduct our operations, which are primarily in the United States, China,
Europe and Australia. Our results of current and future operations and cash
flows are, therefore, subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign
currency exchange rates. The effect of a hypothetical 10% change in foreign
currency exchange rates applicable to our business would not have had a
material impact on our historical consolidated financials for the fiscal years
ended January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019. As the impact of foreign currency
exchange rates has not been material to our historical operating results, we
have not entered into derivative or hedging transactions, but we may do so in
the future if our exposure to foreign currency becomes more significant.



69

* * *

##### Table of Contents

**_Interest Rate Risk_**

We had cash and cash equivalents of $63.6 million and marketable securities of
$112.8 million as of January 31, 2019. Cash and cash equivalents consist of
bank deposits and money market funds. Our marketable securities generally
consist of high-grade commercial paper, corporate bonds, agency bonds and U.S.
government agency securities. The cash and cash equivalents and marketable
securities are held for working capital purposes. Such interest-earning
instruments carry a degree of interest rate risk. The primary objective of our
investment activities is to preserve principal while maximizing income without
significantly increasing risk. We do not enter into investments for trading or
speculative purposes and have not used any derivative financial instruments to
manage our interest rate risk exposure. Due to the short-term nature of our
investments, we have not been exposed to, nor do we anticipate being exposed
to, material risks due to changes in interest rates. A hypothetical 10% change
in interest rates during any of the periods presented would not have had a
material impact on our historical consolidated financial statements for the
fiscal years ended January 31, 2017, 2018 and 2019.

**Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates**

Critical accounting policies and estimates are those accounting policies and
estimates that are both the most important to the portrayal of our net assets
and results of operations and require the most difficult, subjective or
complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. These estimates are developed
based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe
to be reasonable under the circumstances. Critical accounting estimates are
accounting estimates where the nature of the estimates are material due to the
levels of subjectivity and judgment necessary to account for highly uncertain
matters or the susceptibility of such matters to change and the impact of the
estimates on financial condition or operating performance is material.

The critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgments that we believe
have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are
described below. ** __**

**_Revenue Recognition_**

__**__****__**____We derive our revenue from subscription agreements with
customers for access to our video-first communications platform and services.
We elected to adopt Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606,
_Revenue from Contracts with Customers_ (ASC 606), effective as of February 1,
2017, utilizing the full retrospective method of adoption. Accordingly, the
consolidated financial statements for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2017,
2018 and 2019 are presented under ASC 606.

In accordance with ASC 606, revenue is recognized when a customer obtains
control of promised services. The amount of revenue recognized reflects the
consideration that we expect to receive in exchange for these services. To
achieve the core principle of this standard, we apply the following five
steps:

_1\. Identification of the contract, or contracts, with the customer_

We determine a contract with a customer to exist when the contract is
approved, each partys rights regarding the services to be transferred can be
identified, the payment terms for the services can be identified, the customer
has the ability and intent to pay, and the contract has commercial substance.
At contract inception, we will evaluate whether two or more contracts should
be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or
single contract includes more than one performance obligation. We apply
judgment in determining the customers ability and intent to pay, which is
based on a variety of factors, including the customers historical payment
experience or, in the case of a new customer, credit and financial information
pertaining to the customer.

_2\. Identification of the performance obligations in the contract_

Performance obligations committed in a contract are identified based on the
services that will be transferred to the customer that are both capable of
being distinct, whereby the customer can benefit from the service either



70

* * *

##### Table of Contents

on its own or together with other resources that are readily available from
third parties or from us, and are distinct in the context of the contract,
whereby the transfer of the services and the products is separately
identifiable from other promises in the contract. Our performance obligations
generally consist of access to our video-first communications platform and
related support services which is considered one performance obligation. Our
customers do not have the ability to take possession of our software, and
through access to our platform we provide a series of distinct software-based
services that are satisfied over the term of the subscription.

We also provide services, which include professional services, consulting
services and online event hosting, which are generally considered distinct
from the access to our video-first communications platform.

_3\. Determination of the transaction price_

The transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which we
expect to be entitled in exchange for transferring services to the customer.
Variable consideration is included in the transaction price if, in our
judgment, it is probable that a significant future reversal of cumulative
revenue recognized under the contract will not occur. None of our contracts
contain a significant financing component. Revenue is recognized net of any
taxes collected from customers which are subsequently remitted to governmental
entities (e.g., sales and other indirect taxes).

Our video-first communications platform and related support services are
typically warranted to perform in a professional manner that will comply with
the terms of the subscription agreements. In addition, we include service
level commitments to our customers warranting certain levels of uptime
reliability and performance and permitting those customers to receive credits
in the event that we fail to meet those service levels. These credits
represent a form of variable consideration. Historically, we have not
experienced any significant incidents affecting the defined levels of
reliability and performance as required by the subscription agreements. We
have not provided any material refunds related to these agreements in the
consolidated financial statements during the periods presented.

_4\. Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the
contract_

Contracts that contain multiple performance obligations require an allocation
of the transaction price to each performance obligation based on each
performance obligations relative standalone selling price. As noted above,
access to our video-first communications platform and related support services
are considered one performance obligation in the context of the contract and
accordingly the transaction price is allocated to this single performance
obligation.

_5\. Recognition of the revenue when, or as, a performance obligation is
satisfied_

Revenue is recognized at the time the related performance obligation is
satisfied by transferring the control of the promised service to a customer.
Revenue is recognized in an amount that reflects the consideration that we
expect to receive in exchange for those services. Fees for access to our
video-first communications platform and related support services are
subscription revenue and are considered one performance obligation and the
related revenue is recognized ratably over the subscription period as we
satisfy the performance obligation.

Services are time-based arrangements and revenue is recognized as these
services are performed.

**_Contract Balances_**

We receive payments from customers based on a billing schedule as established
in our customer contracts. Accounts receivable are recorded when we
contractually have the right to consideration. In some arrangements, a right
to consideration for our performance under the contract may occur before
invoicing to the customer resulting in an unbilled accounts receivable.



71

* * *

##### Table of Contents

Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue. Revenue is deferred when we
have the right to invoice in advance of performance under a customer contract.
The current portion of deferred revenue balances are recognized during the
following 12-month period.

**Cost to Obtain a Contract**

We capitalize sales commissions and associated payroll taxes paid to internal
sales personnel that are incremental to the acquisition of customer contracts.
These costs are recorded as deferred contract acquisition costs on the
consolidated balance sheets. We determine whether costs should be deferred
based on our sales compensation plans and if the commissions are incremental
and would not have occurred absent the customer contract.

Sales commissions paid upon the initial acquisition of a customer contract are
amortized over an estimated period of benefit of three years, which is
typically greater than the contractual terms of the customer contracts. We do
not pay sales commissions upon contract renewal. Amortization is recognized on
a straight-line basis commensurate with the pattern of revenue recognition. We
determine the period of benefit for commissions paid for the acquisition of
the initial customer contract by taking into consideration the initial
estimated customer life and the technological life of our video-first
communications platform and related significant features. Amortization of
deferred contract acquisition costs is included in sales and marketing expense
in the consolidated statements of operations.

**_Stock-Based Compensation_**

Stock-based compensation expense related to stock awards is recognized based
on the fair value of the awards granted. The fair value of each option award
is estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
The Black-Scholes option pricing model requires the input of highly subjective
assumptions, including the fair value of the underlying common stock, the
expected term of the option, the expected volatility of the price of our
common stock, risk-free interest rates and the expected dividend yield of our
common stock. The assumptions used to determine the fair value of the option
awards represent managements best estimates. These estimates involve inherent
uncertainties and the application of managements judgment. The related stock-
based compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
requisite service period of the awards, which is generally four years. We
account for forfeitures as they occur instead of estimating the number of
awards expected to be forfeited.

Our use of the Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the input of highly
subjective assumptions. If factors change and different assumptions are used,
our stock-based compensation expense could be materially different in the
future.

These assumptions and estimates are as follows:



  |  |   |

_Fair Value of Common Stock._ As our common stock is not publicly traded, the
fair value was determined by our board of directors, with input from
management and valuation reports prepared by third-party valuation
specialists. Stock-based compensation for financial reporting purposes is
measured based on updated estimates of fair value when appropriate, such as
when additional relevant information related to the estimate becomes available
in a valuation report issued as of a subsequent date.

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

_Risk-Free Interest Rate._ The risk-free interest rate for the expected term
of the options was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the
time of the grant. __

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

_Expected Term._ The expected term of options represents the period of time
that options are expected to be outstanding. Our historical stock option
exercise experience does not provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate
an expected term due to a lack of sufficient data. For stock options granted
to

---|---|---|---



72

* * *

##### Table of Contents

  |

employees, we estimate the expected term by using the simplified method. The
simplified method calculates the expected term as the average of the time-to-
vesting and the contractual life of the options. For stock options granted to
non-employees, the expected term equals the contractual term of the option.

---|---



  |  |   |

_Expected Volatility._ As we do not have a trading history for our common
stock, the expected volatility was estimated by taking the average historic
price volatility for industry peers, consisting of several public companies in
our industry which are either similar in size, stage of life cycle, or
financial leverage, over a period equivalent to the expected term of the
awards.

---|---|---|---



  |  |   |

_Expected Dividend Yield._ We have never declared or paid any cash dividends
and do not presently plan to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. As
a result, an expected dividend yield of zero percent was used.

---|---|---|---

The Black-Scholes assumptions used in evaluating our awards are as follows:



|  |  |  |  |  |
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
  |    | **Year Ended January  31,**
  |    | **2017** |    | **2018** |    | **2019**

Expected term (years)

|    | 5.4  6.1 |    | 5.6  6.7 |    | 5.0  6.2

Expected volatility

|    | 48.2%  56.3% |    | 47.7%  52.0% |    | 44.6%  48.2%

Risk-free interest rate

|    | 1.2%  1.5% |    | 1.8%  2.3% |    | 2.6%  3.1%

Expected dividend yield

|    | 0.0% |    | 0.0% |    | 0.0%

We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the assumptions related to our
stock-based compensation on a prospective basis. As we continue to accumulate
additional data related to our common stock, we may refine our estimation
process, which could materially impact our future stock-based compensation
expense.

**_Common Stock Valuations_**

In valuing our common stock, the fair value of our business, or enterprise
value, was determined using either the market approach or a combination of the
market and income approaches. The market approach estimates value based on a
comparison of the subject company to comparable public companies in a similar
line of business and secondary transactions of our capital stock. From the
comparable companies, a representative market value multiple is determined and
then applied to the subject companys financial results to estimate the value
of the subject company. The market approach also includes consideration of the
transaction price of secondary sales of our capital stock by investors. The
income approach estimates the fair value of a company based on the present
value of the companys future estimated cash flows and the residual value of
the company beyond the forecast period. These future cash flows, including the
cash flows beyond the forecast period for the residual value, are discounted
to their present values using an appropriate discount rate, to reflect the
risks inherent in the company achieving these estimated cash flows.

The resulting equity value is then allocated to each class of stock using an
Option Pricing Model (OPM). The OPM treats common stock and convertible
preferred stock as call options on an equity value, with exercise prices based
on the liquidation preference of our convertible preferred stock. The common
stock is modeled as a call option with a claim on the equity value at an
exercise price equal to the remaining value immediately after our convertible
preferred stock is liquidated. The exclusive reliance on the OPM through July
31, 2018 was appropriate when the range of possible future outcomes was
difficult to predict and resulted in a highly speculative forecast. Beginning
in October 2018, we performed the equity allocation using a probability
weighted expected return method, or PWERM. The PWERM involves the estimation
of the value of our company under multiple future potential outcomes, and
estimates the probability of each potential outcome. The per share value of
our common stock when determined using the PWERM was ultimately based upon
probability-weighted per share values resulting from the various future
scenarios, which include an initial public offering, merger or sale, or
continued operation as a private company. After the equity value was
determined and allocated to the various



73

* * *

##### Table of Contents

classes of shares, a discount for lack of marketability (DLOM) was applied to
arrive at the fair value of common stock on a non-marketable basis. A DLOM is
applied based on the theory that as an owner of a private company stock, the
stockholder has limited information and opportunities to sell this stock. A
market participant that would purchase this stock would recognize this risk
and thereby require a higher rate of return, which would reduce the overall
fair market value.

Our assessments of the fair value of common stock for grant dates were based
in part on the current available financial and operational information and the
common stock value provided in the most recent valuation as compared to the
timing of each grant. For financial reporting purposes, we considered the
amount of time between the valuation date and the grant date to determine
whether to use the latest common stock valuation or a straight-line
interpolation between the two valuation dates. This determination included an
evaluation of whether the subsequent valuation indicated that any significant
change in valuation had occurred between the previous valuation and the grant
date.

**_Preliminary Offering Price and Options Granted in January 2019 and
Subsequent to January 31, 2019_**

Subsequent to January 31, 2019, we granted stock options to purchase up to
1,324,650 shares of common stock with a weighted-average exercise price of
$27.42 per share which generally vest over a period of 48 months. Based on the
initial public offering price, we estimate we will recognize approximately
$29.0 million of stock-based compensation expense related to these stock
options generally over the requisite service period of 48 months.

In addition, in light of the difference between the fair value used for stock
options granted on January 24, 2019 and the initial public offering price, in
order to determine the appropriate share-based compensation expense for those
stock options for financial reporting purposes, we reassessed the share-based
compensation expense using the initial public offering price. We are
recognizing $19.3 million of stock-based compensation expense related to these
option grants generally over the requisite service period of 48 months. Since
these options were granted near the end of fiscal 2019, the amount of stock-
based compensation expense recognized in that fiscal period for these stock
option grants is immaterial, and the incremental amount of additional expense
in fiscal 2019 as a result of this reassessment using the initial public
offering price is also immaterial. Therefore, we will record an out-of-period
adjustment in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 to catch-up the incremental
amount of additional expense for these stock option grants that would have
otherwise been recorded in fiscal 2019.

The amount of stock-based compensation expense related to these option grants
is preliminary and unaudited, based upon our estimates, and subject to further
internal review by our management and compilation of actual results. We have
provided an estimate for this expense primarily because we have not completed
the first quarter of fiscal 2020, and therefore, we have not started, much
less completed, our closing procedures for the quarter. Our managements
estimates are based upon information currently available and could change as a
result of the final offering price or other factors. While we expect that our
estimate of stock-based compensation expense related to these option grants is
reasonable based on all information currently available, our actual expense
may differ materially from these preliminary estimates.

Upon the completion of this offering, our common stock will be publicly traded
and we will rely on the closing price of our common stock as reported on the
date of grant to determine the fair value of our common stock.

**_Derivative Liabilities_**

The fair value of the derivative liabilities were measured using a with-and-
without approach. Inputs used to determine the estimated fair value of the
derivative instruments include the probability estimates of potential
settlement scenarios for the convertible promissory notes, a present value
discount rate and an estimate of the



74

* * *

##### Table of Contents

expected timing of settlement. Certain unobservable inputs used in the fair
value measurement of the derivative instruments associated with the
convertible promissory notes are the scenario probabilities and the discount
rate estimated at the valuation date.

**JOBS Act Accounting Election**

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act (JOBS Act). Under the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can
delay adopting new or revised accounting standards issued subsequent to the
enactment of the JOBS Act until such time as those standards apply to private
companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail ourselves of this
exemption from new or revised accounting standards, and therefore, we will be
subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public
companies that are not emerging growth companies.

**Recent Accounting Pronouncements**

See Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies in Note 1 of the
notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
prospectus for more information.



75

* * *